The Joe Rogan.
Experience, we know from the history of censorship, that it never works.
It never works. It always drives people towards truth.
But that doesn't matter. People are stupid. You just because you say,
you know it, and we do know it,
it doesn't mean people are going to think that way and operate that way.
That requires restraint. It requires foresight.
It requires some sort of, uh, uh, an objective understanding of history.
Well, I'll give you an example. So in the UK, there was a far right particle,
the British national party, which does technically still exist,
but now there's like 10 people in it. And I'm the leader of that part.
There was a moment where they were winning millions of votes, right?
Because there were a lot of people who were disenfranchised,
particularly working class areas, and they were desperate for some kind of,
and the head of that party.
Nick Griffin went onto our main political discussion program called question
time, BBC won prime time and he was humiliated.
And as soon as that happened, the BMP were over. Within a matter of months,
it exposed to those normal people,
the ludicrous and absurd nature of his viewpoint.
And that I think is a really heartening idea that actually, if you ex,
if you hear more from these people, they are self discrediting. Right. But,
but if you, if you ban them, you're almost giving them a kind of glamor,
a kind of martyrdom status that they don't deserve. And, and,
and that I think attracts a lot of people to their worldview.
That's, there's definitely something to be said for that. Yeah.
There's definitely something to be said. I mean, like,
I'm not in favor of banning these people. Yeah. But I'm not also,
I'm also not in favor of these people.
Being able to espouse hate speech everywhere they go.
And to be able to indoctrinate people as well. It's like,
I don't know what the actual.
Well, I'll put it as my view.
I do not trust the state to decide what constitutes hate speech.
I don't believe that. Um, I mean, in the UK,
they've proven that they're not capable of doing that. That was Canada. Right?
Exactly. Absolutely. Clearly. So, so in that case,
I'm for abolishing the idea of hate speech as a practice we have,
I don't know how much you know about the UK with this. Right?
We have a thing where the police will investigate you for noncrime
if it's offensive, right. On crime. So there's a website,
the government's website and hate crime has a paragraph on noncrime hate
incidents. Okay. And what they specifically say is if you've heard some,
if someone said something and it's offensive to you,
and you believe that the person said something, because of you, you will,
one of the protected characteristics because of race, gender, sexuality,
disability, whatever, then you report that to the police.
And it gets logged in the hate crime statistics as a hate crime,
even though there's no crime, okay.
I'll give you a very specific example of this.
There's a famous case in the UK at the moment, man called Harry Miller.
He was a Docker from Humberside and, uh, the police,
he retweeted a poem that was perceived to be transphobic.
And people were upset about that, but he didn't even write the poem.
He just retweeted the poem. The police investigated his retweet and they,
and he said to them, have I broken the law? They said, this isn't a crime.
This is a noncrime hate incident. And the actual phrase the police officer used,
I'm not joking was we have to check your thinking, right?
Whoa. Now that's sinister.
W w w and then when the police were Humberside, police were challenged on this,
but in the media, it turns out this is standard practice in the police.
This isn't just one rogue police officer going a bit mad.
This is standard practice.
The commissioning guidelines from the college of policing,
actually stipulate that this is what you're meant to do.
This is now finally being challenged in the courts.
But no one stood up to this stuff, you know? Does that.
The phrase, check your thinking, thinking by a police officer no less. Yeah.
Like the police, who's qualified to check your thinking. I mean,
you should be it's crazy.
Difficult. Well, yeah, quite, I mean, the, the,
the college of policing who teach the police, what, what,
what the police officer actually said is he said, well, we've had a workshop.
And what you don't understand is that babies are sometimes born with a diff with
a male brain when they've got a female. But I mean,
literally he was trying to lecture him on this stuff. And, um, yeah.
That might be true,
but that doesn't mean that the police should be able to tell you that you can't
retweet something that you agree with.
Right. And we have, you know, we have people in our country who have been,
do you know how many people are arrested in the UK? I'll just ask, like,
how many people do you think are arrested every year in the UK for offensive
comments they posted online? What would you guess? Just as a, I mean,
it's not a trick, I'm just interested to know what you would assume.
Rested for offensive comments online, say 300, three.
Thousands every year right now. Wow.
And that's not including all the many thousands of noncrime noncrime hate
incidents that are logged on.
Right. So 3000 people arrested and what.
Is it? Some of them will be horrible, by the way. I'm, I'm,
I've been clear about like, some of those comments will be horrible, nasty,
racist, awful. A lot of them are between like rival football,
gangs and stuff like that. But some of them are jokes.
One guy served three months in prison for a joke about Madeline McCann. Uh,
and it was a joke that he cut and paste from some website and put it on his own
Facebook page three months in prison for that. So what was the joke?
I don't know. I don't know. Good. Yeah.
It must as laughing for three months.
Where does he exactly food that be worth it right now? He's a felon, right?
Yeah. Yeah.
The famous one in the UK at the moment is the countdown killer case. Um,
the nuts.
Do you know that one? Yeah.
And, um, and because I used to explain.
It to people that don't know that story.
There's a guy called count Duncan,
his real name's Marcus Meakin and he's a YouTuber. And he created his dog,
sorry, his girlfriend's dog. Cause he's cute. Little pug dog. Right.
And his girlfriend was only always going on about how adorable the dog was.
So he made, he trained the dog to jump about enthusiastically,
whenever it heard the phrase gas, the Jews,
and he trained it to do a little Nazi salute. Whenever it hurts Zeke Heil.
Right now, those phrases out of that context are unpleasant.
You can see why someone would be offended by that. Right.
But the joke was that this cute little dog is doing is behaving this vicious.
In fact,
the joke is predicated on the idea that there's nothing worse than a Nazi. Well,
also.
So the joke is predicated on the fact that we all know the dog has no idea what
it's doing.
Quite exactly. Yeah. So that's what, that's what, that's him doing?
The Z car there. So, but that's better the dog now acuity. Now look,
I accept that people can be like, you know, I might be offended by it.
I'm offended by all sorts of things and that's fine.
But no 3 million people saw that video before YouTube took it down, you know?
And, um, uh, 3 million people, not one complaint, no one complained.
The police actually went to the Scottish council of Jewish communities and said,
do you find this offensive? And understandably, they said, yes.
And the police are great. Now we can prosecute this guy. Two year investigation,
uh, found guilty in a court of law. Um, ultimately find 800 pounds.
That was what happened,
but he's got a criminal record now for whatever you think about the joke, right?
It's it's, it is clearly meant to be funny, whatever you,
not only that cyber crime intelligence unit investigated all of his tweets
emails,
his entire background to find any remote connection to a fascist group or a
far-right group, nothing. They found nothing. So there's no evidence.
So basically they process it in the UK.
We now have someone who has been prosecuted because the judge believes that he
knows what secretly going on, what the, his secret intention is. And the,
the actual phrasing of the law that under which he was prosecuted is that it is
deemed grossly offensive, which is a very subjective idea.
Something that is grossly.
Typically when the fact that you have 3000 different view or 3 million different
views and no complaints, no complaints. Right. That's.
That's crazy. And I know the guy cause I, I, I, I defended him at the time.
And then of course, people send the I'm a Nazi apologist. Cause I, you know,
that's, which is utterly, utterly ludicrous. But I know the guy that he's,
he's a nice guy. He's not a tall.
I've seen him interviewed. Yeah.
While you guys are talking about this, I found a story that happened last week.
Um,
this was a tweet that I've kind of gone through it to verify it a little bit.
I don't want to say it's a hundred percent accurate,
but this guy got a job interview and I guess you signed up and they found this
on his, on their own. He said he did not give them his information.
They sent him 351 pages of every tweet he ever liked it. Had the word in it.
Wow.
He said, I had to get a background check for my job.
And it turns out the report is a 300 plus page PDF of every single tweet I've
ever liked. Liked with the word, in it.
Enjoy your dystopian BS.
There's a bunch of tweets showing it.
But I looked up the company that does this. Hold on, go back.
Sorry. What does it say? Update?
I came home to a package containing a print out of all 351
pages of it. Obviously the dystopia cares about wasting paper. Here's like a.
For instance of what it looks like.
And have they used this to justify not giving him the job?
Is that the [inaudible].
Okay. If you liked this tweet, Merry Christmas to the toddler.
I saw running across trader Joe's with a giant bottle of peppermint,
vodka and mom running after him. Like no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Only.
So flag type bad flag. Reason. Alcohol. Yeah.
Post type liked.
Yeah. So they, they changed what he was saying.
Right?
He's he's making a joke about a toddler that he saw running across
trader Joe's with giant bottle of peppermint vodka that it had taken from his
mom. And the mom was like, no, no, no, no, no. Give me that. Give me that.
Given that. So they flagged it because there was alcohol in it.
The baby had a bottle of alcohol. There's nothing offensive about that.
I actually don't understand why that would be an issue because they want you to.
Be scared as.
They want to be able to control your thinking and they don't want you to ever do
anything that could come back to hurt the company in any way and
mess with their bottom line. I mean, that is crazy.
Even liking a tweet, not just writing the treatment, liking crazy,
like things by mistake. Sometimes thumbs. I just say the wrong thing.
Here's another one to this day.
This is still the most in all caps,
big Dick energy I've ever seen in a video. I don't know what that is.
I called his dad when he was one about twin who wants to be a millionaire to
like celebrate that. I know the answer I'm going to win. Right?
Okay.
So he called his dad tells dad that he's going to win because he knew he was
going to win. Now look at this flag. Reason, language, bigotry,
sexism, what's.
The bigotry and the sexism.
There. I don't understand it.
I don't see any bigotry or bigotry in protect sexism.
That he's a man and he's showing big Dick energy. Cause he's big.
Dick energy is an expression.
And it's an expression for someone who is SU super confident.
And the idea that you say, well, he must have a big Dick.
That's the joke without that. Oh, it's a joke. It's an internet meme,
big tick energy as an internet meme.
And that this is flag type bad language, bigotry,
sexism. And here's the best part. Post type liked. He just liked it.
Like you saw. I was like, ah, cause it is a big Dick energy move.
But to find your dad, call your dad and say, I'm about to win a million dad.
Is that, what does that classify as big Dick energy? But it's not,
it's not a phrase that we commonly use in the UK. We're too refined for that.
Yeah, it was vulgar,
but it's a new American thing over the last four years or so.
Two, maybe two years. Yeah. It's having a big Dick sexist then. Is.
That the, I guess that's what they're saying.
And it's bigotry is the hilarious part.
I'm I scour that forever and try to find some bigotry there. You know,
a gentleman's name. If you want to read this folks,
you want to read along with his, his, uh,
internet name is K M L E F R a N
C K M L E Frank,
F R a N C K M L E F R a N C on Twitter,
Bruce, Bruce almighty. Hilarious. So he's a funny guy.
By the way, they don't know what bigotry means.
I'm really sick of this word being thrown around. Right?
A real problem right there. I mean, he should be able to Sue for that one.
There's nothing bigotry about that.
Is the dictionary.
Definition of bigotry is an intolerance to those with different opinions. And,
and more often than not, sorry, I didn't mean to patronize him,
but it's just that whenever I hear the word being used,
it's always by bigots who can't tolerate your opinion. So you're a bigot.
You don't agree with everything I say. And therefore you're a bigger,
no that makes you, you just undermined your whole point. It's gross,
but liking tweets, I mean,
it's bad enough that people sort of troll through everything you ever wrote.
And what's crazy about that is this is a company that's doing this.
So there's a company that they hired.
That's willing to do this and the company labeled it bigotry.
So as the company Wolk, is this the company Fatima,
the smartest way to screen toxic workplace behavior? No,
there'll be famine is a talent screening software. Okay. So it's software.
That's part of the problem to help identify problematic behavior among
potential hires and current employees by analyzing
publicly available online information. Oh boy,
would I have a hard time getting a job.
That, uh, another company used this company to get that information.
So it's like a background.
Check. Yeah.
Company, creepy company, insane. Like that's really sinister.
It seems like it's just software. It's just like the, yeah.
It says a talent screening software. So it's basically,
they just scan you to make sure that you pass their purity test,
which no one will no one with any sense of humor. I mean, if that guy,
the big Dick energy guy that gets you flagged you're a bad person.
Cause you thought that that guy who knew he was gonna win a million dollars.
So he called his dad. I mean, that's, that's funny.
Is there anyone? I,
there is no way that there's anyone on the planet who couldn't be canceled if
you had unlimited access to their private texts and tweets.
But that's part of why people want to cancel people.
Cause they know it could come back at them.